c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\SocialCircle.dll.config
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\SocialCircle.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\SocialCircle.pdb
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\obj\Debug\SocialCircle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\obj\Debug\SocialCircle.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\obj\Debug\SocialCircle.pdb
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\can\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialCircle\SocialCircle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
